# Flume Android Application
The swimming flume of faculty of Sports science, Chulalongkorn University, is a small-size flume with specially designed to enable a wide range of functions including a high quality training and scientific testing of elite swimmers. The velocity of water flow is precisely controlled by a computer system from the control room. The flow generated by three stream turbine motors is very consistent and uniform throughout the flume. The flow rate can be adjusted from 0 m/s to 1.8 m/s by a step increase at 0.1 m/s.

The swimming flume of faculty of Sports science, Chulalongkorn University, is a small-size flume with specially designed to enable a wide range of functions including a high quality training and scientific testing of elite swimmers. The velocity of water flow is precisely controlled by a computer system from the control room. The flow generated by three stream turbine motors is very consistent and uniform throughout the flume. The flow rate can be adjusted from 0 m/s to 1.8 m/s by a step increase at 0.1 m/s.

## Description

This application is one of "Project Flume : A Sports Science Secret Weapon"

Faculty of Sport Science, Chulalongkorn University

For exhibition in "Chula Expo 2017" from 15 to 19 march 2017

## Tools

- Android Studio (Android Application IDE)

- LibGDX (Cross-platform Library)

- Adobe Photoshop (Design)

## Developer

**Design**  : Mr.Sitthichai Saejia  5730625221

**Android** : [Mr.Supakrit Paoliwat 5730593821](https://github.com/stepboom)

Computer Engineering CP41.

Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University.
